Assignment 1
Part I
1.	What is a class?
A class is the collection of related data and function under a single name. A C++ program can have any number of classes. When related data and functions are kept under a class, it helps to visualize the complex problem efficiently and effectively.

2.	How does a class accomplish abstraction, encapsulation, and data hiding?
a.	Abstraction by using the private and public to how only “relevant” data and “hide” unnecessary details of an object from the user.
b.	Encapsulation is the process of combining data and functions into a single unit called class. In Encapsulation, the data is not accessed directly; it is accessed through the functions present inside the class. In simpler words, attributes of the class are kept private and public getter and setter methods are provided to manipulate these attributes.
c.	Data hiding by making data private to that class from user.

3.	What is the relationship between an object and a class?
A class defines the properties and behavior for the objects represented by the abstraction. A class thus denotes a category of objects and act as a blueprint for creating such objects. An object exhibits the property and behaviors defined by its class. Generally, an object is an instance of a class.

4.	In what way, aside from being functions, are class function members different from class data members?
Functions are used for grouping data 

5.	In part II

6.	When are class constructors called? When are class destructors called?
a.	Class constructors are called when creating an object
b.	Class destructors are called when an object goes out of scope if it is on the stack or when you call delete on a pointer to an object.
7.	 In part II
8.	What is a default constructor? What is the advantage of having one?
A default constructor is a constructor that can be called without having to provide any arguments, irrespective of whether the constructor is auto-generated or user-defined.
In C++, default constructors are significant because they are automatically invoked in certain circumstances; and therefore, in these circumstances, it is an error for a class to not have a default constructor. 


 
9.	What are this and *this?
The “this” pointer is an implicit parameter to all member functions. Therefore, inside a member function, this may be used to refer to the invoking object.
